Does Uncle Gai know why you were invited here today?
Are you mistaken?
It's not me who should be here
Uncle Guy
Still not telling the truth
Since you and my father are old classmates
I'll give you one more chance.
If you don't tell the truth
I can't help you.
Uncle Guy, what do you want me to say?
Dare you say how do you do this?
Hey this
How do you have this video?
Don't ask this.
Now where does that leave us?
Is there a problem with me as a leader arranging some work for my subordinates?
Uncle Guy, stop quibbling
These videos together have been discussed by the bureau
We are all people in the judicial circle
Do I need to tell you more?
You are suspected of falsifying information
Induction of parties beyond their authority
This case was taken over by Tang Jian's parents
You sent someone to meet with the client without his knowledge
That's a pretty big problem.
Tang Jian ignored the demands of the parties involved
Forced the parties to go to the hospital and asked him to explain other problems
Shouldn't I be the director?
Uncle Guy, don't confuse the concepts
Those are two different things.
You can teach him to his face.
What is behind the scenes?
The last person Wang Yimei saw before her death was Bai Xiaotong, who you sent
Bai Xiaotong has already explained
You are completely contrary to Tang Jie's train of thought
Wang Yi was already suffering from mental illness
How do you make him process two completely contradictory ideas?
So actually your intentions are good.
But the consequences are irreparable
Although there is no direct evidence to prove that you are inescapably responsible
But one thing is for sure
If Wang Yi doesn't die, it has nothing to do with you.
Should I say that Tang Jian is not responsible?